# The /yourprivacy Movement

<p>For a long time, commercial websites have been using a worthless page called <em>Privacy Policy</em>, which only purpose is to have a legal backup just case something goes wrong. Recently, with GDPRs law we have seen how lots of companies have change their policies, <em>just in case</em>, again. The purpose of the <em>Privacy Policy</em> page has never been to inform users of their privacy &mdash; otherwise it would be a few sentences long, short and nice, but it&rsquo;s not. In fact, if you&rsquo;d have to read all <em>Privacy Policies</em> out there, you wouldn&rsquo;t do anything more than that in the 24 hours a day had &mdash; and you wouldn&rsquo;t be able to read them all.</p>
<p>So, what if we make something useful for users? Something useful <em>for people</em>?</p>
<p>People don&rsquo;t need 10 or 20 pages where they can (hopefully) understand how companies use their data. What people need is a clear way to understand what companies do with their data. And if it&rsquo;s visual and short, the better.</p>
<p>This is intended to be a framework companies (and anybody interested) can use to inform people how they use their data. It offers an opportunity to clarify what you actually do with their data and how you respect their privacy. For how long do you hold their data? How do you capture it? How do you use? Clarifying those points into a visual page makes them transparent and, most importantly, credible.</p>
<p>However, change is hard, it always is. And most lawyers won&rsquo;t recommend companies to change their privacy policy pages. I get it. That&rsquo;s why instead of replacing your privacy policy page, what I&rsquo;m proposing is to create an alternative page called /yourprivacy, a visual and easy-to-understand version of the privacy policy page.</p>
<p>If you&rsquo;re reading this last paragraph, it means we&rsquo;re still working out how to structure this framework. But, please, join us and be our early adopter!</p>
